---
layout: distill
title: Brioche Rolls
description: an example of a distill-style blog post and main elements
date: 2021-05-22

---


Time 
--
* 3.5-4.5 hours
* Prep time is about 30 minutes with dough rest.
* Proofing Time is two proofs of 1-2 hours each
* Bake time is 20 minutes. 

Ingredients
--
* 1.25 cup warm milk
* 1 tbsp. sugar
* 2 tsp yeast
* 5 cups of flour
* 2 tbsp of sugar
* 2 TSP of salt*
* 3 eggs
* 1/2 cup Butter (unsalted) 

Tips
--
Allow ingredients to come up to room temperature prior to mixing into dough.
Make rings with tinfoil, and wrap the dough balls to give a perfect look and structure. 


Recipe
--

### Bloom the yeast in Warm Milk for 15 minutes
> 1.25 cup warm milk
1 tbsp surger
2 tsp yeast

### Dough
In dough mixer, add these ingredients
> 5 cups of flour
2 tbsp of sugar
2 TSP of salt*

While it is mixing, add the bloomed yeast mixture slowly. 

Once the dough is wet, add 3 eggs while  continuing to mix for 3 minutes. 
> 3 eggs

Let it mix for two minutes and then add in chunks ½ cup unsalted butter
> ½ c unsalted butter

Let it mix for about 3 more minutes, until the butter is fully incorporated.  

### Kneed 
Let dough relax for 10 minutes, the do a final mix for ~10 minutes.
  
Flour a working surface, and give a brief kneading until flour is gone and roll into a ball. 

### Proof
Set in proofing space covered until it is doubled in size. 1-2 hours

### Divide and Final Proof
After first proofing, Divide into 90g balls, place into foil ring molds, and depress dough balls with large bowl.
 
Cover and proof again for about 1-2 hour until the dough balls fill out the ring mold.

### Milk wash
Paint with milk wash and cover with sesame seeds

### Bake 

375 degree F for 20 minutes, until an internal temp 195-210 F

### Enjoy
